! package-lock.json is very importnt file
! it locks the version
! never add it on gitignore
! it is working on my system but it is not working in production
! it contains the exact version of the machine and on the server
! it is contains the integrity


?browserlist help us to make our app compactable to older version of browser also

? if package-lock.json and packag-json i can recreate the node modules again


todo: machine -> (we cannot move the version directly) -> server (possible)

todo: machine -> git => server fetch from the git repository
todo: module -> can import and export


? parcel provide us the thing
todo: (refresh the thing) live server
todo: hot module replacement (update the thing at the runtime) (track of all file)-> file watcher algorithm -> written in C++
todo: it create parcel cache (all thing happen it uses the file (minified,hmr,fwa))
todo: development build and hoisted on the server
todo: npx parcel build index.html (this for production builds only)
todo: bundling the thing
todo: minified
todo: cleaning the code (removing console stuff)
todo: media element (optimization)
todo: it create dev and production build
todo: super fast build algorithm
todo: caching in development
todo:compression (rename the thing)
todo: compactiable to older version of browser
todo: http or https (enable) on dev machine
todo: port number
todo: consitency hashing algorithm (cache things)

? what is npm?
todo: our react app just not build on react we needed more package to build the production ready application
todo: for install the package we needed a package manager which manages the package
todo: npm init -> it gives the option to specified the thing
todo: npm init -y -> it will skip many option

? What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
todo: our react app just not build on react we needed more package to build the production ready
todo: we needed to have optimize our code,console cleaning,image optimazation,tree hashing(remove unwanted code),minified files
todo: to have all this we have use bundler which parcel gives us all this super power to do that
todo: it create the development and production environment to test our application on the server
todo: generlly react uses the webpack (wepack has the similar feature) and babel

? What is `.parcel-cache`

todo: it store the information when parcel build it
todo: not reparse or re-analyse the thing again

? What is `npx` 
todo: when we have execute something for one time npx

? What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
todo: we needed to install some package as the dpendies or devDependencies

todo: npm i (or) install package_name (dependcies)
todo: npm i package_name --save-dev (devDependencies)

todo: to install the package as devDependencies which will only use for deployment purpose
todo: the package which install by dd which not install at the production
todo: the package which install as dependencies which install at production
todo: because our project is dependent on something that is why we have to install the thing

? List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
todo: hot module replacement
todo: tree shaking
todo: image optimization
todo: cleaning the code(removing the console)

todo: prodive develpoment and production enevronment
todo: give access to http and https
todo: it manage the port also
todo: parcel cache
todo: file watcher algorithm (written in c++) it tracks all file and quickly check all the thing
todo: development build and hoisted on the server
todo: zero configuration


? What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?

todo: if we do not wanted to add somefile to my github then we can add it on gitnnore folder
todo: what we can regenearated we have add it on gitingnore
todo: our package.json has the sufficient information to regenearate any package

? - What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git

todo: whenever we install any package it it got install inside no module folder

todo: no , because node_module can be download on the server
todo: reason beacuse our package.json file has the sufficient knowlodge to regeneartae any package

? What is the `dist` folder

todo: whenever we create run build command it create minified , clear console and optimized code for us

todo : npx(execute) parcel build entry-point
todo: when we run command it create a production code and create dist folder inside that  we have minified code

? What is `browserlists`
todo: browser list help to make our app compactable to all older version of browser also4


? Read about: ^ - caret and ~ - tilda

todo: npm uses caret and tilde to designated which minor and patch version should installed
todo: ^12.3.4 it will install the lastest version (or) minor version and patch version
todo : ~2.3.4 it will install latest version (or) patch version
todo: ^ and ~ helps to auto upgrade the version
todo: if we donot specified any sign then it will stick to the specific version

todo: (^caret and ~ tilde)

some point
! browser does not understand import and export
! we have tell the browser that is not the js file it is module with the help of attrible type module
! crossorgin is attribute in script tag which help us to share the resource from one domain to another domain




















